Add Pyth-over-Wormhole design document (#781)
certusone/wormhole: whitepapers/0007_pyth_over_wormhole.md

|---------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------|
| Rust                      | Safe, fast programming language supported for writing Solana contracts                                                                                                                             | https://www.rust-lang.org/                        |
| pyth-client-rs            | Rust library for reaching Pyth on Solana                                                                                                                                                           | https://github.com/pyth-network/pyth-client-rs    |
| Solana                    | The main codebase for Solana client libraries                                                                                                                                                      | https://github.com/solana-labs/solana             |

> | Solitaire                 | A convenient Rust framework for contract development that greatly simplifies Solana's unique execution model; A by-product of Wormhole's Solana efforts, built on top of the official Solana APIs. | https://forge.certus.one/plugins/gitiles/wormhole |
> | Wormhole's Solana program | The Solana end of Wormhole, built with Solitaire.                                                                                                                                                  | https://forge.certus.one/plugins/gitiles/wormhole |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Solitaire                 | A convenient Rust framework for contract development that greatly simplifies Solana's unique execution model; A by-product of Wormhole's Solana efforts, built on top of the official Solana APIs. | https://github.com/certusone/wormhole |
| Wormhole's Solana program | The Solana end of Wormhole, built with Solitaire.                                                                                                                                                  | https://github.com/certusone/wormhole |
```

### API / database schema

### A note on Pyth data
Pyth's storage model maintains a linked-list-style collection of
accounts that describe multiple assets. Each asset contains its own
list of price data of different types, which themselves contain prices
from various quoter accounts that name concrete numbers as current
price value. The individual source values are also available as a
single, aggregated number from the upper-level asset price
description.

In the current system metadata from arbitrary Pyth feeds can not be
trusted and anyone can create new feeds for popular symbols. Projects
that build products on top of Pyth need to maintain a list of the
product_ids (Solana account keys) that they trust.  As long as this is
the case we can also rely on projects to hardcode the relevant
metadata that they require in their business logic and focus this

> initial release on just attesting pricefeeds.

Reviewer: Is this the case? I thought the pyth foundation or someone had to create new product metadata and permission it.

Author: Kinda, def need to reword this.

required privileged operations, transitive cross-call
actors/privileges etc. must be expressed at RPC call time using
[*accounts*](https://docs.solana.com/developing/programming-model/accounts).
The requirement enables strict access control and performance
optimizations of the chain.

Because of this constraint, numerous accounts necessary for a
transaction on Solana would not find a matching counterpart on other
chains. In a similar vein, it is common for a significant portion of
the account addresses to be *deduced* using Solana-specific
techniques, such as:
* well-known system addresses a.k.a. sysvars (privileges, chain
  metadata, cross-calls, rent metadata)
* deterministic public key derivation schemes (notably program-owned
  contract state and spontaneous storage in the spirit of events on
  Ethereum)

#### High level user API
* `attest(product_id, price_id)` - Attest the metadata of the
  specified price account.
* `last_attestation(product_id, price_id)` - Look up the last attested
  price data for a price account (if present); Free of charge
  off-chain.

#### Detailed Code level documentation
The Rust code documentation for pyth2wormhole can be found

> [here (TBD, ideally rust's cargo-doc UI for pyth2wormhole crates)](https://example.com).

Reviewer: Ummmmmmm
